HOW_TO_TEST.md, before:

# How to test

Starting with CP-Ansible 5.5.0, we have included testing via the [Molecule](https://molecule.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) framework, and strongly advise its usage before submitting a Pull Request.

## Prerequisites

1. Python3 installed with PIP
2. Docker installed

Note: We recommend increasing your docker memory to at least 20GB of RAM and your CPU count to 10.  

### Installing Molecule via pip

To install the Molecule and Docker libraries  

```pip install molecule docker```

Note: If using Molecule version 3.1.0 or later use the following command to install:

```pip3 install molecule molecule-docker```


### Running Molecule in a Container

At times, pip installation of molecule can lead to errors:
```
ImportError: No module named docker.common
```

As a workaround you can use molecule in a container.  
In your current shell create an alias to start molecule in a container:

```
git clone https://github.com/confluentinc/cp-ansible
cd cp-ansible
export CP_ANSIBLE_PATH=$PWD
alias molecule="docker run -it --rm --dns="8.8.8.8" -v "/var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock" -v ~/.cache:/root/.cache -v "$CP_ANSIBLE_PATH:$CP_ANSIBLE_PATH" -w "$CP_ANSIBLE_PATH/roles/confluent.test" quay.io/ansible/molecule:3.1.5 molecule"
```

To make the alias permanent, add the following to your bashrc file:

```
export CP_ANSIBLE_PATH=<Replace this with the repo path>
alias molecule="docker run -it --rm --dns="8.8.8.8" -v "/var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock" -v ~/.cache:/root/.cache -v "$CP_ANSIBLE_PATH:$CP_ANSIBLE_PATH" -w "$CP_ANSIBLE_PATH/roles/confluent.test" quay.io/ansible/molecule:3.1.5 molecule"
```

Now the molecule command will run a container, but function as it should.

## Using Molecule

The following is a list of the most common commands used with Molecule.  

### Running a role

Molecule allows for testing a role and will live inside a role's directory in a sub directory named molecule. Currently, most tests reside inside a special role called confluent.test in sub directories which use the following naming convention:

```<functionality tested>-<security mechanism>-<OS>```

To get a list of the scenarios:

```ls roles/confluent.test/molecule```

To the run scenarios:

```cd roles/confluent.test```  
```molecule converge -s <scenario name>```

### SSHing into a container

Each docker container is named inside the molecule.yml file, copy the name and run:

```molecule login -s <scenario name> -h <container-name>```

### Running Role Tests

To run the test cases, which are defined in the verify.yml playbooks, run:

```molecule verify -s <scenario name>```

### Destroying the Containers

Simply run:

```molecule destroy -s <scenario name>```

## Creating Scenarios

Within ```roles/confluent.test/molecule``` you can find a series of directories, which can be referred to as scenarios. Use a scenario as an inventory file, you can configure docker containers, ansible groups, variables, etc. When developing new features for the role you can create a new scenario simply by duplicating the default one and customizing. Edit the verify.yml to have test assertions for your scenario.

More details on building scenarios can be found [here](https://molecule.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting-started.html?highlight=scenarios#molecule-scenarios).

## Running a full test suite

To confirm that your code does not break any tests make sure to test all scenarios for a role with:
```
molecule test --all
```

Commit message:

Added details on how to update molecule test scenario documentation.

HOW_TO_TEST.md, after:

# How to test

Starting with CP-Ansible 5.5.0, we have included testing via the [Molecule](https://molecule.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) framework, and strongly advise its usage before submitting a Pull Request.

## Prerequisites

1. Python3 installed with PIP
2. Docker installed

Note: We recommend increasing your docker memory to at least 20GB of RAM and your CPU count to 10.  

### Installing Molecule via pip

To install the Molecule and Docker libraries  

```pip install molecule docker```

Note: If using Molecule version 3.1.0 or later use the following command to install:

```pip3 install molecule molecule-docker```


### Running Molecule in a Container

At times, pip installation of molecule can lead to errors:
```
ImportError: No module named docker.common
```

As a workaround you can use molecule in a container.  
In your current shell create an alias to start molecule in a container:

```
git clone https://github.com/confluentinc/cp-ansible
cd cp-ansible
export CP_ANSIBLE_PATH=$PWD
alias molecule="docker run -it --rm --dns="8.8.8.8" -v "/var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock" -v ~/.cache:/root/.cache -v "$CP_ANSIBLE_PATH:$CP_ANSIBLE_PATH" -w "$CP_ANSIBLE_PATH/roles/confluent.test" quay.io/ansible/molecule:3.1.5 molecule"
```

To make the alias permanent, add the following to your bashrc file:

```
export CP_ANSIBLE_PATH=<Replace this with the repo path>
alias molecule="docker run -it --rm --dns="8.8.8.8" -v "/var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock" -v ~/.cache:/root/.cache -v "$CP_ANSIBLE_PATH:$CP_ANSIBLE_PATH" -w "$CP_ANSIBLE_PATH/roles/confluent.test" quay.io/ansible/molecule:3.1.5 molecule"
```

Now the molecule command will run a container, but function as it should.

## Using Molecule

The following is a list of the most common commands used with Molecule.  For a complete list of scenarios and test functionality please review [MOLECULE_SCENARIOS.md](MOLECULE_SCENARIOS.md).

### Running a role

Molecule allows for testing a role and will live inside a role's directory in a sub directory named molecule. Currently, most tests reside inside a special role called confluent.test in sub directories which use the following naming convention:

```<functionality tested>-<security mechanism>-<OS>```

To get a list of the scenarios:

```ls roles/confluent.test/molecule```

To the run scenarios:

```cd roles/confluent.test```  
```molecule converge -s <scenario name>```

### SSHing into a container

Each docker container is named inside the molecule.yml file, copy the name and run:

```molecule login -s <scenario name> -h <container-name>```

### Running Role Tests

To run the test cases, which are defined in the verify.yml playbooks, run:

```molecule verify -s <scenario name>```

### Destroying the Containers

Simply run:

```molecule destroy -s <scenario name>```

## Creating and Modifying Scenarios

Within ```roles/confluent.test/molecule``` you can find a series of directories, which can be referred to as scenarios. Use a scenario as an inventory file, you can configure docker containers, ansible groups, variables, etc. When developing new features for the role you can create a new scenario simply by duplicating the default one and customizing. Edit the verify.yml to have test assertions for your scenario.

Be sure to update the scenario documentation section and run the molecule_doc.py script before submitting your PR.  This will update the relevant documentation.

More details on building scenarios can be found [here](https://molecule.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting-started.html?highlight=scenarios#molecule-scenarios).

## Running a full test suite

To confirm that your code does not break any tests make sure to test all scenarios for a role with:
```
molecule test --all
```
